Data science is one of the hottest areas of technology today.
What is data science?
Simply put, data science is a field of inquiry
that focuses on extracting meaningful insights from data.
For our purposes, we will consider data science as
an umbrella term that includes the sub-fields of data analytics,
machine learning, and artificial intelligence.
Success in data science generally require
some combination of business or domain expertise,
knowledge of mathematics and statistics,
and some degree of programming skills.
Don't forget the soft skills.
Successful data scientists are good communicators,
good storytellers, and good translators.
They can communicate the art of the possible to
business leaders who may not have deep technical backgrounds.